<html><body><p>hello. It has been several months since I've made a post here.
the windows laptop that the majority of brobeur gamedev was done on was wiped and Linux mint was installed instead. Focus has been on ipython notebook and data processing. 

over the past month I have been joining in jams - usually other peoples team

ill cover them now.

asylum jam.

I received an email from a team looking for an artist - 2d and some 3d skills is always a bonus. 

Perfect. This was the biggest team I had ever worked with on a game - four.

They were using Git for source control but the project was somewhat messy. 

The team were not happy with my bright colors and painting landscapes and people - they wanted more abstract shapes in black and white.

I was very disappointed by the quality of the 3d artists models. They were extremely flat - and awful face scale. Never less - I remodeled his models. sadly the team in the end only used a small squiggle I painted.

Having Unity3d is very important when joining a team using Unity for a jam. I can't expect programmings or other artists to have the level design skills or see my vision!



If you would like to play it - <a href="http://www.asylumjam.com/submissions/18-crushing-nightmare">Crushing Nightmare</a>. Sorry Linux - web only.

The next game jam I joined - redditbaconjam06.

I had partaked in redditbaconjam05 - producing Surreal Warp Nightmare. 



I was invited to a team that had two people - a programmer - Rob - and music by Emily.

Rob made a side scroller shooting game. The music was epic. 

This time I decided to focus on level design, with recycling old assets. I sent Rob 3d assets and models to use over the stock images. Sadly he didn't use these. Even sending him a package of art added to the scene didn't work. 

It was a busy weekend and I didn't invest enough time. I emailed Rob after the jam and asked if I could get the final package and work on it further. As of now I have received nothing back. Such as life.

View the entry <a href="http://bacongamejam.org/jams/bacongamejam-06/186/">redditbaconjam06</a></p></body></html>